okay this here is my 1986 Ford f250 6.9
liter diesel has three hundred and forty
four thousand miles on it
yes it has Dodge wheels on it has a
reading service utility bed with towing
mirrors as a four-speed with 488 gear
ratios and it doesn't go very fast cab
lights snow plow seven half foot western
and over there is my Dodge broke down
junk so I traded my blaster for a truck
it's about 35 degrees last night hasn't
been started in two days
see what happens
starts right up
runs pretty good for being that old
ohit's with d-rings
LED reverse or brake lights
it's been pretty cool it's like this
oh this hook here
and I'll slide all the way to the front
of the truck that we had halfway from an
open bed
dual fuel tanks
is it